John


John was not your average person. He was only 19 when he had survived in the woods for 2 weeks, skydived, and did a 100 mile ultra marathon. So, when he saw an online ad for a spooky challenge for one million dollars, he was all for it, just in time for halloween.
John had just dropped out of college at Duke, despite his parents having other plans, and was always looking for life’s next thrill. “One million dollars should supply me for many more adventures.” 
John looked down at his feet, with a bad feeling in his stomach and a weird worry about death. John always wanted to live forever, and was terrified of dying, which was hypocritical of the crazy activities he did. His grandfather always said, “If you are constantly knocking on death’s door, expect an answer.”


John started to board a United Airlines’ plane with a round trip ticket to Washington state. Little did he know that this was not going to be both ways. 
When he arrived at the Seattle airport, John saw three women getting off of another plane. They each were wearing a puffer vest, a beanie, and a pair of ski pants. They were also holding a suitcase, and what looked to be more survival gear, including a hunting knife, and water cleaning tools.
John went over, wondering if they were with him on the challenge, “Did you see that ad too?”
“Yes, that is what we were here for, anyone else with you?” one lady replied.
“No, just me, myself and I.” John looked around. He started to feel even more scared of this experience. The fact that only four of them were there seemed to give an eerie feeling.
The four of them walked together, and introduced themselves to each other. 
“I’m John.”
“My name is April, I’m the worrier.”
“I’m May, I’m the warrior.”
“And I’m June, I’m the leader. We are actually triplets.”
“The more the merrier,” John said, still feeling uneasy. 
April seemed nervous, as if she felt like John did. Her fingernails were practically gone from biting.
 May, carrying the knife, seemed like she could take on anything, and had muscles on muscles.
 Then, there was June. June seemed most mature and John quickly felt relieved, and realized that he was in good hands.
  The four started to walk out of the airport, then to the Uber, and went on a three hour nap-ride to the middle of nowhere.
John got up, and saw a hooded figure with a butcher’s knife run up to him, super fast, as if in an unrealistic video game, and sliced his throat open. Blood and guts started pouring out, and John was dead. 
Then, he woke up. This time for real. He started to get the others up too, shrugging off the nightmare. “We are here,” the driver said. “You fell asleep, that will be 200 dollars. 120 miles is quite a ride.”
John looked up at what seemed to be a medieval castle, which looked surprisingly intact, and was looming over him. The arched double doors opened automatically, and so did John’s jaw. It was beautiful.
John, April, May and June all got out of the car and into the castle, not even thinking about the furious Uber driver. The doors closed behind them, also on their own, as the driver’s voice faded behind them, “Pay up or else…”.
 Everything seemed fine, but there was no money in a huge glass box, like most challenge shows, and something seemed odd.
It all added up when, suddenly, the lights on the top of the castle flicked, and went out. Now, John could see nothing. Not even his own hands. It was pitch black.


April


        It was not long before April started to freak out. She was the first to realize that this was not a challenge, it was a trap. Why would only two groups of people be targeted at once? She tried to push at the door with all her might, as she was standing next to it. It would not budge.
“We should split up, if this is a trap. We will all die if we are found together. If we find a way out, we can yell, or try to make it out ourselves. But, every man for himself.”
She was horrified to hear this come from her own sister, June, but April knew that she was right. Everyone agreed and went their separate ways.


May


        May was starting to wander around and found stairs. With just her hearing and touch, she saw a door. She had no clue where the others were or if she would ever see them again, but she could try to make it out, and bring in the police to do a search. 
She checked her phone, realizing that it was still with her! She tried to call 911, but found no one answered. It was a complete deadzone. 
All of a sudden, as if a vortex sucked it up, her phone battery went from full to zero in a matter of seconds.
Shit, May thought to herself. It was obvious that this was a setup. A trap. 
Out of nowhere, May randomly heard maniacal laughter and a knife being unsheathed. Horrified, she tried to run away from what seemed to be the direction of the noise. 
Then, she sprinted. Sprinted right into a cushioned surface, a person. She felt the most pain she’d ever felt, as May saw a butcher’s knife enter her leg and come out the other side, slowly tearing her flesh to shreds. She screamed, but the castle was too big, and no one could hear to be warned. The laughter continued, and then died away, just like May, who was now spaghetti. 


John


        John thought he felt a weird sensation that something went wrong. Really wrong. John felt around, hopelessly looking for a way out. 
There still was no light, but he miraculously ran into a wall, and heard a jingle when something fell to the floor. A key! John tried to keep in his excitement, just in case, and decided to break the rule, use his heart and find the others.


June


        June was wandering around, just hoping to survive. She was smart, and a good leader, so the others needed her to survive. 
        She saw a light at the end of a tunnel. Literally, the hallway had a lit up room at the end. Carefully, June walked past a dozen open doors, and looked in the lit up room and saw computers?
        Why would computers be… June’s muttering stopped as if it was a dead in for her train of thought, as a cloaked figure emerged from the last open door in the hallway. 
Before June could get even a glimpse of what was happening on the screens, she was laying on the floor, as the knife was pulled out of her chest. Her last words? “RUN!!!!!!!!!!!”
This time, the warning was heard.


April


April had been in the castle for five hours now, and was starving, and beginning to wonder if this was really a game. She did not walk far from the entrance, in case the doors opened again. 
That was when she heard footsteps. To her relief, it was John!
“I found a key,” he whispered. “Where are the others?” The lights randomly turned back on.
        “I don’t know. What key?” April replied. The color drained from John’s face. He had dropped the key while looking around for the others. But, that was not why he went pale.
 A chainsaw started, and before she could turn around, April’s head was on the floor, as her bloody body collapsed. 


John
John knew this was a bad idea. A masked man, over 7 feet tall, stood above him. John, not knowing how fast he was, made a break for it. He sprinted down a few stairs, down a long hallway, and locked the door to a room at the end of it, the man just about to catch him. 
In a dead end, wishing there was a window, John knew he would not make it out. Then, he saw a bunch of computers, on a huge desk, each with its own Google Ads account and a hacker’s terminal pulled up.
That was when John realized what had happened. This man had catfished them with the ads, and they were the only ones targeted, so they were the only ones who knew. 
Also he hacked into their phones, which was why John had not been able to use his flashlight, which he tried earlier before his phone instantly died.
Knowing that many more people would be in his position, John knew what he had to do. All the while, the man was using an axe to hack away at the door’s pleading wood, John decided to make a legacy, and die to save many others. One by one, John started to smash the computers against the ground, breaking them into pieces. 
Just as the last computer was gone, the door gave way, and John himself was torn to smithereens. 
The man took off his mask, and saw all of his computers were all gone. Every last one. His life’s work. Gone. He shed a tear and realized that there was no hope of moving on to a new setup.
 Knowing that he could be found any second without the Google Earth and Maps block, the man sat down at the desk and took his butcher’s knife, hesitated for a second, then stabbed himself in the chest, blood spilled everywhere, and he collapsed within seconds.